Lamannia Update 35 Release Notes
Here are the Lamannia Release Notes for Update 35, released for preview on 3/7/2017. These notes will change over time.

Of Special Note:

Dragonborn
A new player race is available! The Dragonborn is free to VIP players, and available to purchase in the DDO Store for everyone else. NOTE: Character paths are not available for Dragonborn characters at this time. 

New Raid
A new raid is now available for preview! Riding the Storm Out can be accessed by the NPC named Dalwyneth, located near the fountain in the Stormreach Marketplace.

Two New Quests
Two new quests are now available for preview! Both The Newcomers and Black and Blue can be accessed by the NPC's Yoldorim and Mikyra respectively, located near the fountain in the Stormreach Marketplace.

Racial Reincarnation
Players can now choose to have their characters undergo a racial reincarnation! The process is similar to a True Reincarnation, and can be done by visiting the Reincarnation Grove in the Hall of Heroes. A new item called a Heart of Blood is needed for Reincarnation, which can be purchased in the DDO Store and via Tokens of the Twelve. 

News and Notes:

Combat
Monsters killed by instant death effects will now share their aggro normally to their allies.

Dragonborn
Dragonborn's enhancement tree is available for preview.

Enhancements
Vanguard's Melee Power Boost now properly benefits from abilities that grant Extra Action Boosts.
Vanguard's Melee Power Boost now has a cooldown consistent with other Action Boosts.
Vanguard's Melee Power Boost is now Melee and Ranged Power.
Vanguard's Melee and Ranged Power Boost now shares a cooldown with other Action Boosts.
Ravager's Melee Power Boost now has text properly reflecting that it also grants Ranged Power.
Battle Engineer's Action Boost: Damage has been changed to Action Boost: Melee and Ranged Power.
Weapon Attachment's cooldown is now 15 seconds for Warforged, Bladeforged, and Artificers. Its induction time is now 2 seconds, and will no longer disappear when traveling through portals.
Henshin Mystic's Balance in Dawn's healing now scales properly in Reaper difficulty.
Many racial enhancement trees have been adjusted. The adjustments are as follows:
Warforged and Bladeforged
Repair Systems has had its cost reduced to 1 Action Point per rank.
(Warforged Only): Mithral Fluidity reduces Armor Check by 2/4/6.
Warforged's Adamantine Fluidity is now 4/8/12.
Bladeforged's Brute Fighting now matches the rest of the game.
Improved Power Attack is now 1 AP.
(Warforged Only): There is now a new enhancement called Memories of the Last War, which is a Tier 3 and 4 enhancement which requires 15 AP spent in the tree, and costs 1 AP:
Choose from the following:
+15 Determination Bonus to Melee and Ranged Power
+25 Determination Bonus to Universal Spell Power
+3 Determination Bonus to all Saving Throws.
+8 Determination Bonus to Armor Class and Physical Resistance Rating.
The Tier 4 version allows a character to make a second choice from the above list that is not the same as the one selected for Tier 3.
Half-orc
Orcish Weapon Training is now +1/2/3/4 to-hit and damage with one-handed Melee weapons, and +2/4/6/8 with two-handed Melee weapons.
Lock Bash is no longer tied to a Dragonmark or Sunder. This enhancement now has a cooldown, and a new animation. Lock Bash is no longer influenced by or required to have Thieves' Tools.
Orcish Rage is now an Action Boost: Orcish Rage now grants +40 Melee Power and a +2 Primal Bonus to Strength, and no longer reduces Physical Resistance Rating. Orcish Rage continues to prevent spellcasting, and causes monks to be uncentered. This Action Boost shares a cooldown with other Action Boosts.
Improved Power Attack is now 1 AP.
Power Rage now has a third rank, and the Barbarian requirement has been removed.
Brutality is no longer specific to two-handed weapons.
Raging Crush no longer has limited uses, nor requires Raging. Raging Crush does +3[W] and has a 30 second cooldown.

Half-elf
Improved Dilettante has had its cost reduced to 1 AP.
Dilettantes now have the following benefits in addition to what they already do, unless indicated:
Artificer: +30 Spell Points
Barbarian: +10 (instead of +5) Hit Points
Bard: +30 Spell Points
Cleric: +30 Spell Points
Druid: +30 Spell Points
Favored Soul: +30 Spell Points
Fighter: +1 to hit
Monk: Removed the Centered requirement
Sorcerer: +30 Spell Points
Wizard: +30 Spell Points
Half-elf Dilletante Tier 2:
Spellcasting: Increased Spell Power to +5.
Fixed base damage of Sly Flourish to +1[W].
Half-elf Dilletante Tier 4:
Barbarian: +10 Hit Points
Spellcasting: Spell Power has been increased to +5
Rogue: Cooldown is now 30 seconds. The Saving Throw has been updated to properly reflect full character level, and the Bomb DC boost has had scaling added.
Diplomatic Immunity now lasts for 60 seconds, or until you attack, and now has a 120 second cooldown.
Dwarf
Child of the Mountain no longer reduces Reflex Saving Throws.
Dwarven Hands of Stone's DC is now 10 + Character Level + Constitution modifier + Transmutation Bonuses
Dwarf Fortress now works when wielding a Thrown Weapon with your Shield.
Bonus to damage is now a unique bonus to Melee and ranged Power
Drow
Vermin Lore: Damage has been increased to +3/6/9
Ambidexterity is now 1 AP per rank.
Faerie Fire no longer has a Saving Throw, its effect now lasts for 10 seconds, it no longer uses charges, and now costs 2 Spell Points. The Druid spell version also no longer has a Saving Throw, and lasts for 10 seconds.
Darkfire's description has been updated to correct its DC. This SLA now scales with 150% Spell Power, costs 5 Spell Points, and cannot be countered.
Darkfire is affected by the Empower, Maximize, Quicken, Enlarge, and Intensify Metamagic Feats.
Elf
Nothing is Hidden has had its cost reduced to 1 AP. This also applies to Drow, Morninglord, and Shadar-kai.
Shadar-kai
Spiked Chain Attacks (and their upgrade effects) now scale with 200% Melee Power.
Winter Favored now scaled with Melee Power.
Vicious, Slashing, and Forceful Chain have had their cost reduced to 1 AP.


Epic Destinies
Legendary Dreadnought's Damage Boost is now Melee and Ranged Power.
Legendary Dreadnought's Action Boosts should not fail as often when activating several things rapidly.


Items
Heroic Executioner's Platemail was using Epic Armor Class values. This has been corrected.
Players with outdated versions of Firebreak (Heroic and Epic), Wall of Wood (Heroic and Epic), and the Epic Corruption of Nature can now update these items in the Stone of Change.
Monsters
Air elementals only knock down characters when actively engaging in their charge behavior.


Reincarnation
Characters can now undergo a Racial Reincarnation. The Past life feats are as follows, the first for the first reincarnation, the second for the second reincarnation. The third reincarnation is always +1 Racial Action Point:
Warforged: +1 Repair, +1 Constitution
Drow: +1 Search, +1 Intelligence
Dwarf: +1 Balance, +1 Constitution
Elf: +1 Spot, +1 Dexterity
Gnome: +1 Use Magic Device, +1 Intelligence
Halfling: +1 Move Silently, +1 Dexterity
Half-elf: +1 Diplomacy, +1 Charisma
Half-orc: +1 Intimidate, +1 Strength
Human: +1 Haggle, +1 Wisdom
Dragonborn: +1 Spellcraft, +1 Charisma

Items are preserved in inventory during a Racial Reincarnation, instead of being placed in your TR Cache.

Miscellaneous
The Captain has been added to the Lamannia Test Dojo. This NPC gives characters all Guild Buffs available.
Update 35 items can now be found in the Test Dojo.
The Character Bank tab has been updated to match the Shared Account bank UI. (Note: This is very likely NOT going live until after U35.)